Beichen I
Heard about it
You are going to take a dusty woman as a concubine recently
This must be the one
You have a terrible eye for people
City Lord
There must be some misunderstanding
Right? Misunderstanding.
Now the scourge of human diseases is still quibbling
Somebody pull this bitch down and shoot him
Do you know adults?
City Lord
I am willing to invest a thousand taels in gold
As compensation for Miss Meng
I also hope that City Lord Meng will give me Yuhua Help a face
Leave this to me
how
Qin Zhuomei, a thousand taels of gold for your life
I really look up to you
But for the sake of Gang Master Li
I'll spare your life today
Since Xiaoxiao has forgiven you
I won't say anything more
However, Gu Beichen
Your position as deputy city lord is over
If you misbehave again in the future
I must take care of your family
Xiao Xiao, let's go
City Lord walk slowly
Gangster this time
I loaned you hi
What are you in a hurry to thank?
Let's play a game
If you dare
My thousand gold cars just now
And the Royal Flower Gang
All written off
Sure. What game?
I'll play with you.
refreshing
Russian Roulette
The two of us
Gambler
What the whole of Jinping City knows
His marksmanship of Gu Beichen is the three armies of the eternal crown
Second only to the leader under the commander
Isn't it crazy to gamble with him?
A gangster at the bottom of the underground
Dare to compete with Gandu Jun in the alcohol battlefield
Just courting death hehe
What exactly do you want to do?
Nothing much.
I have long heard that Brother Gu's marksmanship is like firewood
I'm very dissatisfied
I don't know if Brother Gu left the overseer
How long will it take to stay?
Gang Master Wei, we are all people who have held guns
How can the hand stretch?
Let me shoot first
Then I'll take the first shot first
It's my turn.
second
third
Fourth shot this fish hahaha
What do you want?
Are you crazy?
Brother Gu
You give me a shot
I'll give you four shots
Hahaha, there are two shots left in here now.
There must be a bullet in these two shots
Brother Gu, guess
Which of the two shots will this bullet be in?
Gu Sheng doesn't dare, does he?
Hey
I suddenly thought of a fun one
If you don't change the story, why don't you
Ah!
In both of them